-[bells chime]
-[chalk scrapes]
The Educational Rights Protection Bureau
has implemented mandatory urine tests
for all students nationwide.
The Bureau said this would provide
early detection and treatment
of kidney abnormalities
and diabetes-related conditions.
However. some are raising suspicions
that the tests are actually
meant to screen for drugs
that have been circulating in schools.
Amid the controversy. several schools
have refused to participate.
citing final exams.
[Geun-dae] Seungyeon High School.
known to be the most
academically competitive in Gangnam.
It's also the school
that sends the most students in the nation
to Seoul National University
Medical School.
You said you lived around there.
Do you know about it?
My family moved near that school
when I was seven
because my mom wanted me to go there.
Didn't you go to a science school?
[sighs] Yeah.
Well. Seungyeon High students
are said to have
extremely demanding parents behind them.
CLASS S
[indistinct chatter]
[teacher] This is the last exam
you can take for early admissions.
If you fail this.
the CSAT is your last hope.
So. you'd better
do well on this one. All right?
[students] Yes. sir.
[teacher] Okay. Begin.
[tense music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[music stops]
[exhales]
[Han-rim] Wow. Class 1. Class 2.
and then Class S?
I told you.
This school sends more students
to med school than anywhere else.
Everyone in that class
is aiming to go there.
It's basically filled with
the top students in the whole school.
[boy breathes shakily]
[tense music plays]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[breathes shakily]
["Can You See in the Dark?" plays]
My dear son!
Look! Congratulations
on getting into med school. honey!
Hey! That's awesome!
-[cheering]
-[boy] Congrats!
Yeah!
[cheering]
[music fades]
-[teacher] Wait! Who are you?
-[Hwa-jin] Hey. are you okay
[Geun-dae] The Educational Rights
Protection Bureau.
[breathes shakily]
[unsettling music plays]
Oh! Oh. he's bleeding.
Inspector. take him
to the nurse's office. Thanks.
-[Han-rim] I got you.
-Sir. where is the… the nurse's office?
-Left and down the stairs.
-[Geun-dae] Left. then down. Thanks.
Come on.
[music fades]
-Oh.
-[Han-rim] Careful.
[Geun-dae] Support his neck.
Ease him down.
-[woman] Stop the exam right now!
-Done.
My son isn't able to take it!
[woman sighs]
[sighs]
It will literally kill us
if he can't take it.
Are you going to take responsibility
for him not getting into med school?
He is going to take that exam!
-Where's Hyeon-min?!
-Ma'am. your son fainted during an exam.
Did you finish the exam?
It's okay. I talked to the teacher.
There's still time to finish it.
You can get up. right? Let's do this.
Uh…
Ma. I don't feel so good.
'Cause you stayed up all night studying.
Everyone did.
Here.
But. Mom.
I keep having these weird thoughts.
You're losing focus. That's why
you're having these weird thoughts.
I've got your medicine.
You'll feel better soon.
Here.
[pills rattle]
Drink.
[uneasy music plays]
You're so close now.
You don't want all of our hard work
to go to waste. do you?
Don't give up. honey. I'm counting on you.
Come on.
TEACH YOU A LESSON
[classical music plays]
[woman on PA] Attention. students.
We have a special directive from
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau.
All students are to remain in school
and prepare to take urine tests.
[students groan]
[music stops]
[breathes deeply]
MY SON
Hyeon-min.
How'd the test go?
You managed to do it all?
[sighs]
Why?
What do they want with you?
They're nuts at the ERPB.
Okay. son.
I'll head to the school.
Call the other mothers.
The Bureau's doing what?
Oh my God! Are they out of their minds?
The kids are expected at the academy.
-[man] Want me to line them up?
-[Han-rim] Where d'you think you're going?
Didn't you hear about the test?
We have somewhere to go.
Go after the urine test.
Our moms are coming.
You should talk to them.
[woman 1] This is ridiculous.
Are you kidding me?
Da-hui. what are you doing?
You're going to be late.
[moms clamor]
[woman 2] What's going on?
Okay. ladies.
What do you think you're doing here?
What are we doing?
Hyeon-min's mom. please be quiet.
Do you have any idea what a critical time
this is for the children?
For top students. one point can mean
the difference between college admissions.
We may not be armed. but the parents
and students here are at war.
War? Is that why
you're willing to put lives on the line?
I take it you've heard the rumors?
We'll be screening for drugs.
For drugs? Are you suggesting
that our kids are addicts?
Those kids are applying
to Seoul University med school.
-They're not like other kids.
-They look alike to me.
Listen. have you even considered
what it took to get our children here?
From birth. through daycare.
elementary. middle and high school.
all the way up to their senior
and most important year.
they haven't wasted a second.
Oh. And what about the moms here?
We sleep an hour less than our kids do.
We wake up early.
send them to after-school academies.
hire consultants and tutors.
They can do the test after the CSAT.
Whoever chooses to not take the test
will be penalized on their CSAT results.
What? Penalized? Are you threatening
our children's livelihood?
If I was. would you listen to me?
This is Daechi-dong! You really think
you can take on the moms here?
Yeah. The Bureau can handle it.
Then go right ahead.
Try it and you'll see people die.
We're doing this so people don't die.
If we can save one before it's too late.
it'll be worth it.
There's a hospital the ERPB uses.
Bring your children there
before school tomorrow to get tested.
If you don't.
there will be serious consequences.
[tense music plays]
You're Hyeon-min's mother. right?
I saw him earlier.
He looked like he was in a bad way.
Make sure you get him tested tomorrow.
[sighs]
Do you
have any idea who I am?
Uh. I… I've seen you on television.
-You're a very important person.
-Hm.
I heard your hand was injured
because of the Bureau.
[Gyu-cheol] Oh. uh. no. No.
It was all my own doing.
Listen. I'm not trying
to blame them at all.
I just want to help you. Gyu-cheol.
You do? Why?
I like giving opportunities
to those in need.
It's my job as a politician.
Could I take a look at your hand?
That doesn't look like a minor injury. You
should go to a hospital on the outside.
[reporter] An attack with a sharp weapon
occurred at a juvenile detention center.
During a visit by the ERPB program
for underage offenders.
an inmate at the facility
attacked one of them.
It could have easily
resulted in serious injury or…
-What?
-Oh. Nothing.
[reporter] …action of another inmate.
the juveniles were unharmed.
People were shocked to hear. though.
that the inmate--
-[Hwa-jin] Where is it?
-Oh. over there. sir.
-Lead the way. Come on.
-Yeah.
[reporter] When asked
why they chose the facility…
Uh. do you know--
Will you stop? I'm even more aware of it
because of you.
The whole thing was on TV earlier.
Don't sweat it. I saw.
-Are you okay?
-Of course I'm not.
Shit. Where the hell
did they get that photo?
Are all the kids from the school
getting the test?
Yes. they are. sir.
Do you feel anxious? Let's go outside.
[Da-hui] Why do we have to do this?
Drink this.
Are you okay? Do you feel less anxious?
Yeah. It's better here.
-Huh.
-[cell phone buzzes]
REPORT CARDS WERE DISTRIBUTED
TO STUDENTS TODAY
The report cards are out.
They emailed them.
-Check yours.
-Oh.
REPORT CARD
That was the exam
I was doing when I passed out.
I'm so sorry. Mom.
What did I tell you?
Kids like you who can't handle pressure
need to take their meds.
Is it really that hard to take one pill?
Don't you feel sorry for me at all?
I've had to bow down to all the other moms
because of you.
I'm not asking for anything else.
All I want is for you to study!
[mom breathes shakily]
If you knew how hard I worked for you…
[cries]
Jesus.
[melancholy music plays]
[cries]
[Hyeon-min's mom] Our son's goal
is to attend SNU Med School.
I hear you're one
of the top admissions consultants.
[music stops]
Let's start by seeing what level he's at.
How far along is he academically?
[chuckles]
I had him study ahead.
He's only in first year middle school.
but he's already doing high-school math.
He hasn't finished it?
He's still doing high-school math?
I'm sure he'll be done soon.
He's top of his class
right now. [chuckles]
Top in a provincial school is the
equivalent of lower level in Gangnam.
Don't even think about med school.
Oh.
We're not in the provinces.
Seoul's right next door.
You should meet my son first before--
Do you know when the moms in Gangnam
start preparing their kids for med school?
The moment they're born.
They map out a 20-year plan.
from birth to med school.
They choose the appropriate day cares.
schools. academies. and tutors.
Those kids are ten years ahead
of the ones who suddenly decided on
medicine when they were in middle school.
At his age. Hyeon-min should have
already finished the CSAT curriculum
and be doing non-stop practice questions
to avoid mistakes on the actual test.
He should be prepping for
school interviews and working on essays.
[tense music plays]
Do you see what I'm getting at here?
He's quite far behind.
Still. he can do it.
[woman] Here are the problems the kids
in Daechi-dong are solving right now.
How many do you think
Hyeon-min could answer?
[tense music builds]
DAECHI SKY REAL ESTATE
PRIME LISTING
A HOME THAT SENT KIDS TO SNU MED SCHOOL
GRAND PRIZE IN ENGLISH. JUNG HYEON-MIN
[music fades]
[man] Do we really
have to live in this place?
It's walking distance
to the academy and school.
It's Gangnam. so that's a plus.
And also. two boys
who went to SNU Med School lived here.
-Didn't have to pay a deposit either.
-I don't know.
A school's a school.
What's so special about the ones here?
What are you talking about?
The school has a special class
for seniors aiming for med school.
If you manage to get in there. you're
pretty much guaranteed to go to SNU.
Hyeon-min's goal is
to get into that class.
Yeah. but still. this place is so… [sighs]
[mom] Don't you want this for him?
Your younger brother went to med school.
Your family doesn't treat you
the same way they treat him. do they?
But it's thanks to him
I. uh. got that job at the hospital.
We should be happy. Grateful.
That's exactly why
you get treated like that.
Why I get treated like that.
Same with Hyeon-min. I'm tired of it.
I'm gonna make sure he gets
into med school. No one'll look down then.
Who's looking down on him now?
Ugh. cut it out!
[sighs] Stop ruining this moment
and just take the door off!
Ugh. Okay. okay.
[rock music plays]
Grab that side. You got it?
Okay. okay. Keep holding on.
GOAL
GET INTO SEUNGYEON HIGH!
GET INTO SNU MEDICAL SCHOOL!
Here.
I'm not being unreasonable. you know.
All the moms here are like this.
Okay.
Uh. Mom. what about the tutor?
It looks like all the other kids
have the same one.
I'm looking into it. Don't you worry.
Back to work.
[mom] Could you please invite me
to the next moms' meeting?
[music stops]
[gentle music plays]
Hey. Here you go.
-Your tea.
-[woman] Mm.
-[chuckles]
-[woman] Forget about all the other moms.
You wanna make sure
you're on Da-hui's mom's good side.
-She's the big mama pig. Know what I mean?
-The mama pig?
[woman] You know how a sow
always has her piglets trailing after her?
She's mama pig
to all the mothers that trail after her.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
Ah. but. um.
not just anyone can do it.
Information is power with the moms here.
Da-hui's mom has all the connections.
Tutoring coordinators.
admission consultants.
and even academies with programs
geared toward SNU Med School.
You're not a working mom. are you?
No. I'm not. Uh. why do you ask?
Working moms and dual-income parents
don't make it into this inner circle.
They just take the info and run.
acting all busy and whatever.
But doctors and professors?
They get a major pass.
Why do they get one?
For early admission. you've gotta build up
their student record.
Volunteering at the hospital.
doing lab research at the university.
That's what looks best
on a student record.
On top of that.
if Da-hui's mom's on your side. it's done.
[chuckles]
So I really have to stay on her good side.
[woman] Of course!
[music stops]
[tray slams]
It's not time for bed yet.
I'm sorry.
-I'm just tired.
-I know you are. Eat while you study.
Can I have a little more. please?
If you eat too much food.
you'll become even more sleepy.
A little glucose is all the brain needs.
Just eat this and focus more. Hm?
[cell phone buzzes]
Oh. hi. my love.
Look. we're living here.
and you're there all by yourself.
You should either move to a cheaper
studio apartment or in with your mother.
STUDY SCHEDULE
3 HOURS' SLEEP A DAY
I'm doing this for Hyeon-min!
[somber music plays]
[mom sighs]
It'll all be worth it.
When he's a doctor. you'll see.
[Hyeon-min sighs]
[music fades]
[Hyeon-min's mom] I didn't want
to come empty-handed.
I hope you like it.
[Da-hui's mom exhales]
You shouldn't have. [chuckles]
Listen. I came here to see you. because--
Every mom comes to see me
for the same reason.
Yeong-jun's mom already told me about you.
Why don't you come to a few
of our meetings and see how it goes?
Okay.
3 MANGO JUICES. 1 APPLE ADE
-That's good.
-What would you like?
-Oh. I'll have an iced latte.
-Iced latte.
-[Da-hui's mom] Double shot. please.
-Double shot.
Double shot.
[rock music plays]
-[woman 1] Too much.
-[Da-hui's mom] It's just getting started.
-Here we are. Your iced latte.
-Thank you.
-She's naturally gifted.
-[woman 2] Of course. It's Da-hui.
She wouldn't be at that level otherwise.
For math. the finest tutor is Jung Da-eun.
She's famous for sending kids to SNU Med.
Her one downside
is her academic background.
As for English. the one to go with
is Oh Bo-hyeon.
ENGLISH
OH BO-HYEON
It's easier if you start
with the cube root of 27.
You know that's three. right?
Now. what's 15 times 6?
-Ninety.
-That's very good.
It's 90.
Now why don't you try solving this one?
REPORT CARD
GRADE 1. SEMESTER 1. 2024
[music stops]
[sighs]
Don't worry.
A child's grades
depends on the parent's effort.
Hm?
[sighs]
Jeez.
[chuckles] It turns out these plates
come as a set. I wish I'd known.
I would have brought
the whole thing last time.
[sighs] You shouldn't have.
-[chuckles awkwardly]
-[Da-hui's mom] I heard about Hyeon-min.
He didn't get into med school prep class
this time either. right?
Well. I did get him
that tutor you recommended.
and he goes to the same academy
as Da-hui attends.
I honestly don't know what else to do.
Just sitting at a desk all day long
doesn't mean a kid knows how to study.
Two kids can study the same thing
for an hour.
One walks away knowing all of it.
The other only gets about half.
That's because he wasn't focusing.
Is there a tutor
to help with that as well?
[laughs]
There are some things a tutor
can help with. and some they can't.
[sighs]
Just a minute.
[pills rattle]
Here you go. Give him this.
It'll make a huge difference in his focus.
I gave it to Da-hui.
and her grades really went up.
Huh.
[sighs]
[mom] Hyeon-min.
Uh-huh?
I went through a lot of hoops
to get this for you. honey.
It's gonna help you study.
I know you would do really well
if you could just focus more.
Everyone says this stuff is great.
It helps you focus.
and you won't get nervous during exams.
All the kids around here are taking it.
Go on. then.
[tense music plays]
[Hwa-jin] This is an illegal drug.
Judging by your faces. you knew that.
It's a medication for ADHD
that hasn't been approved in this country.
It's been quietly shared among mothers
because it's said to improve focus.
You're all aware of that.
I know you are. so here we go.
The children's urine tests
came back positive
for methylphenidate and atomoxetine.
These two drugs are only prescribed
together in extremely rare cases.
and for high-risk patients.
In particular. methylphenidate.
It is classified here
as a controlled psychotropic substance
under the Narcotics Control Act.
Which means that taking it
without a prescription is illegal.
It's a violation of both
the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act
and the Narcotics Control Act.
so that makes it a criminal offense.
[woman] It's okay.
-[Hwa-jin] I'm afraid everyone here…
-[cries]
…will have to be questioned by the police.
[scoffs]
-Inspector?
-Yeah?
The test results for Jung Hyeon-min
are quite serious.
[Hwa-jin] Hyeon-min's mom.
Has anyone seen Hyeon-min's mom?
-[woman 1] Where'd she go?
-[woman 2] She went out that way.
[sighs]
[Da-hui's mom] I heard
your son's grades have gone up.
[gentle music plays]
Yes. something must have really clicked
inside him. He's totally changed.
His focus has improved immensely.
I think he'll be joining
the med school prep class soon.
The competition is still brutal. you know?
Do you know of any stronger medication
than the one you gave me before?
Well. I suppose I could look into it.
but that one should be enough.
[Hyeon-min's mom] My son's grades improved
after taking ADHD medication.
I'm looking for something
a little stronger.
If anyone knows of something. please help.
[woman 1] There's a medication
that helps improve grades? What is it?
-[mom] Jeez. these are no help.
-[woman 2] I wanna know too!
[computer chimes]
[woman 3] I have the meds
that last year's top student took.
Want some?
[uneasy music plays]
You're from the mom group. right?
Yeah.
[sighs]
TIER: 1
[music fades]
[gasps]
-[squeals]
-So. you're happy?
That's awesome! Oh. honey!
Can you get into prep class now?
Yeah. They told me
I could start going tomorrow.
[gasps. laughs]
Yes! Oh!
Good job. Son!
[laughs]
[phone dials]
JUNG HYEON-MIN'S MOTHER
Sir. she's still not picking up.
They found something other than ADHD meds
in her son's urine test.
-It's a substance found in heart pills.
-What?
The amount is close to a lethal dose.
If he keeps taking it. or increases
the dose. it could be life-threatening.
-Am I right?
-Yes. you are.
He's right?! What?
Then why don't you speed up?
I will! Okay. fine!
Hyeon-min.
it's not your fault.
It's just a bit of bad luck.
Early admission is gone.
but you'll still have the CSAT.
If you do well.
you still get into med school.
Son. you just need
to pull yourself together. okay?
I'll tell the school
that you'll be working from home.
You can study here
for the CSAT. All right?
[Hyeon-min breathes shakily]
[unsettling music sting]
Um. Ma.
get me the fucking meds.
You got it.
I'll go get them right now.
[breathes heavily]
[unsettling music plays]
[doorbell chimes]
-[doorbell chimes]
-[banging on door]
[Hwa-jin] Hyeon-min!
[breathes shakily]
[Hwa-jin] Open the door!
[banging on door]
Are you in there?
[gasps]
[banging on door]
[breathes shakily]
-They won't open the door.
-Okay. got it. sir.
[hanging up beeps]
-What did he say?
-They won't open the door.
["Get the Job Done" plays]
Th… this looks way too dangerous to me.
You're… you're not gonna jump. are you?
-The kid could die if I don't.
-[Geun-dae] What?
Whoa!
Get down from there!
Hold on tight. okay?
Oh! Oh!
Oh! You okay?
♪ Like I never left
With no ring rust ♪
♪ Nobody get the job done
Like the king does ♪
♪ Feel that quick rush
Running through your veins ♪
♪ It's insane how I keep going
Yeah. we maintain ♪
♪ Back like I never left
With no ring rust ♪
♪ Nobody get the job done
Like the king does… ♪
[yelps]
-Wait! Stop it. just wait!
-[Hyeon-min] Give me!
Not now. The ERPB is here.
[both gasp]
[Han-rim grunts]
[Hyeon-min gasps]
[music fades]
[banging on door]
Inspector. Han-rim! Oh!
Oh. are you all right?
[Geun-dae panting] Whoa.
-[Han-rim] Hyeon-min!
-No! Let go!
-[Han-rim] Don't! Stop!
-I want my pills!
-Let it go!
-[Geun-dae] Oh!
-No. no. no!
-Take him to hospital right now.
[Han-rim] Yes. sir!
No! Wait! No!
Hyeon-min! Let go of him.
Hyeon-min! [gasps]
-Stop! I want my son. Bring him back!
-[door slams]
[mom gasps]
Hyeon-min! Where are you taking him?
Ma'am. do you know
what kind of medication this is?
Some students call it
something that keeps you awake.
Something that helps you focus.
The ADHD pill.
Something that improves your grades.
Something that gets you into med school.
We call it
something that kills kids.
It's an addictive drug.
[breathes sharply]
It's a drug?
You didn't know?
No. I didn't.
I gave it to him because I heard
it helped with concentration.
-You honestly weren't aware?
-How was I supposed to know?
This is the first I'm hearing of it.
That it's a bad thing!
You really didn't know?
Hyeon-min showed no change in behavior
after taking it?
You didn't notice anything?
[uneasy music plays]
[breathes shakily]
[moans]
Hyeon-min?
[breathes shakily]
[Hyeon-min whimpers]
Oh. Oh!
Oh my God. I'll pinch it for you.
I WANT TO DIE
[Hwa-jin] You knew
that drug was destroying him.
You knew very well.
[tense music plays]
[breathes shakily]
Was this all because of med school?
You want him to get in that bad?
You thought it was okay
to pump him full of drugs like this?
I was only going to give it to him
until the CSAT.
Things could go
very wrong for him before that.
Med school's more important
than your son's life?
[breathes shakily]
I guess it seems to be.
He's almost there. though!
Every second counts now.
He doesn't have any time for this.
My son needs to study!
From now on. you are strictly forbidden
from leaving this apartment.
-You can't do this. This is my home!
-This is for your son's protection.
The Bureau's job is to separate
the child abuse offender from the victim.
I'm no child abuser.
I'm his mother. damn you!
It's the most important
time of his life right now!
If he doesn't get in.
are you going to take the blame?
[music fades]
[breathes shakily]
If you want med school that badly.
then go yourself.
[whimpers]
[breathes shakily]
Hye… Hyeon-min. are you okay?
[gasping breaths]
-Whoa!
-[Hyeon-min grunts]
[glass smashes]
-[Hyeon-min moans]
-[Geun-dae] Stop! What are you doing?
-Come on.
-It's okay.
-[Hyeon-min strains]
You can't handle pain.
Why'd you put your hand there?
I'd rather hurt my hand
than see him hurt his head.
You feel okay? You seem different.
When I look at Hyeon-min.
it's like I'm looking at a younger me.
-My mom wanted me to go to med school too.
-So. why didn't you?
Because it was no fun at all.
CSAT PREP
SAMPLE QUESTIONS
What are you trying to do?
I told you.
If you want med school. then you go.
Do you know
why I want Hyeon-min to go there?
I've got no inheritance to give him.
No connections or backing.
Kids who have to compete to get places
end up resenting their parents.
Exactly. That's why
you should go to med school yourself.
Then you can be
his connections and backing.
Why are you putting all the burden on him?
I'm sure he'd rather learn from you.
I can't go to med school. I'm too old!
I think you can if you stick to this.
Here.
The study plan and meal schedule
you made for Hyeon-min.
You did an excellent job on it.
If you stick to these plans.
you should get into med school no problem.
Start studying.
When your practice exam scores are higher
than the med school cut-off ones.
I'll permit you to see Hyeon-min.
Ugh. shit!
5:30 p.m..
instead of after-school academy.
complete at least three
CSAT English sections from past exams.
[rock music plays]
If you get even one question wrong.
start over.
It's not dinner time yet.
Nutritional support for brain function.
What's that?
It's your supper.
You get tired when you're full.
Ah. I'm just following
that meal plan you made.
-I'll take it away if you don't eat them.
-I will.
Ah.
Watch online lectures.
fill out the daily error log.
then sleep at 1 a.m.
Time to wake up now.
[music stops]
[groans]
Let me sleep longer.
Get up or fail!
Ugh! Stop!
[mom yelps]
No!
What the heck are you doing? Jeez!
This bed is getting in the way
of studying. I'll toss it.
That's why you got rid of the door. right?
[gasps] Are you insane?!
Insane? Can't you see
that I'm sacrificing myself for you here?
You're not. You're just joking around.
You think this is a joke?
I'm giving you
the mirror treatment for fun?
One day. I'll turn around and say.
"All right. you've learned your lesson.
You can see your son."
Is that what you think?
That is never
going to happen.
There's only one way
you're gonna be able to get out of here.
When you pass the CSAT.
[sighs]
[whimpers]
Oh. You're awake.
How are you feeling?
I'm sorry. man.
[Geun-dae] Hm?
You got hurt because of me.
[chuckles]
It's fine.
Whoa.
-Easy.
-[exhales]
Hey.
Can you get some of those pills for me?
No. I can't.
They're bad for you.
They're bad for me?
It's a drug.
-Just one.
-I can't.
One. I promise I'll never take it again.
I feel like I'll die without it!
No! I said. no!
You think you can control it?
Everyone says they just need one.
That turns into "just one more."
"Just one more" is too much.
It ruins your body. Your mind too.
Your entire life.
[exhales]
If you want to survive this.
you've gotta stick it out.
[cries]
[poignant music plays]
You failed.
[sighs]
Failed again.
Your score went up a bit.
But you failed.
♪ Where the endless sky meets the sea ♪
♪ To where the echoes fade away ♪
♪ I've given all I had to give ♪
♪ Now I'll find the space ♪
-♪ Where my peace belongs ♪
-[sighs]
STUDY SCHEDULE
JUST ONE MORE YEAR. YOU CAN DO THIS. SON
GOAL
GET INTO SNU MED SCHOOL!
I WANT TO DIE
[sighs]
♪ The love I've carried ♪
♪ I'll never… ♪
[Hyeon-min] I wanted to die.
Felt like I was in a living hell.
and it wouldn't end
until I got into that school.
♪ Let me go… ♪
Every time I felt like that.
the pills helped.
[cell phone chimes]
Mom?
Can I please skip academy today?
[Hyeon-min's mom] Why? What's wrong now?
The ones who don't give up
are the happiest in the end.
You can do it. honey.
♪ But in my heart. I feel no fear ♪
♪ I leave behind the weight of time ♪
♪ And drift beyond ♪
♪ The stars that shine ♪
[music fades]
Why didn't you go?
I'm sorry.
[Hyeon-min breathes shakily]
[Hyeon-min cries]
[somber music plays]
When I took those pills Mom got me.
I didn't want to die anymore.
It didn't last long though.
Pretty soon after.
that feeling came back again.
I WANT TO DIE
Can you please get me stronger ones?
[music fades]
Hm.
I took those pills because
I didn't want to die.
I wanted to live.
Quit doing those pills. okay?
Them. and anything else
that makes you feel like you want to die.
If it's studying. then quit it too.
If it's med school. you can quit it.
If it's your mom. well.
quit your mom too.
[chuckles]
How can I quit her?
[Hyeon-min chuckles]
[whispers] You did good.
[Hyeon-min sniffles]
I guess that's too far.
Sorry.
[lock rattles]
Code's my birthday.
Do you know when it is?
Let me out of here.
It's too hard. I can't do it.
So. when it gets too hard.
you get to quit?
You never told your son he could do that.
Do you honestly think
I was trying to kill my son?
I sold a really lovely home
and moved into this awful place.
I played servant to those moms
just to get any information I could.
I woke up early every morning
to make him breakfast.
I've never done anything for myself.
I don't even have a hobby. Nothing!
Because I've got to pay his academy fees.
I did all that. sacrificing everything.
so he could do well!
You didn't sacrifice yourself
for your son.
Hyeon-min has…
sacrificed himself for you.
[poignant music plays]
DRAW YOUR DREAM JOB
NAME: JUNG HYEON-MIN
DREAM: DOCTOR
[chuckles]
Oh. Hyeon-min. Mommy would be so happy
if you became a doctor.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah?
Yes. I would.
WHAT IS YOUR FUTURE SELF?
You should become a doctor so you can
treat me whenever I'm sick. right?
[Hyeon-min] Mm-hmm.
[mom chuckles]
[mom] Doctor.
[chuckles] Hyeon-min. you're such
a good boy. You always listen to me.
Yeah.
Don't you feel bad for me and your dad?
Why do you think we're living like this?
We're sacrificing it all!
Just for you!
This is all for you!
[pills rattle]
Come on. Hyeon-min!
You think I like this?
It's hard for me. too.
but I'm putting up with it for you!
Mom. I'm so sorry.
I could be doing anything I wanted
if I wasn't stuck here.
I'm sacrificing everything for you!
[breathes shakily]
[Hyeon-min] I have to become a doctor.
My mother's said that to me
since I was little.
So I guess I just figured
that's what I was supposed to do.
[music fades]
Stupid. huh?
Hey. You did well in school. right?
Huh? Nah. not really.
Well. can you tell me
what I'm supposed to do now?
[Geun-dae] Hm?
First. think about the things
you like doing the most.
I'm really happy
when I'm doing something I enjoy doing.
I can tell you
a million things that my mom likes.
But I can't think
of a single thing that I like.
What do I like?
There are a lot of options.
We'll figure it out together.
You too. Inspector Im.
["First and Last" plays]
Just come on.
Give me a second. Okay?
Hi. I talked to you about the books.
-Yeah. yeah.
-[Han-rim] Pediatric Center? What the…
[Geun-dae] Ah.
Look at these books.
KANG WON-MI THE JUDO GIRL
Hyeon-min's not a kid.
I know. Here. you can read this.
and you read those.
-Come on.
-But why?
You actually want me to…
to read this thing right now?
HAMSTER YAMMA WHO BECAME A YOUTUBER
CHOI THE FIREFIGHTER CAT
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Still glowing ♪
♪ Just like the day we met ♪
♪ Your eyes ♪
♪ Still holding ♪
♪ The light of our first day ♪
♪ How can I let you go? ♪
Get ready.
We're going out.
Hyeon-min! Oh!
Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-[mom] Are you sure?
-[Hyeon-min] I'm doing much better.
-[mom sighs]
I'm so glad to hear that.
How about… your studying.
Are you still at it?
Uh. I don't mean to pressure you.
It's just that the CSATs are coming.
and I'm worried.
You know what I mean. right?
Mm.
Uh. are you comfortable here?
[chuckles nervously]
Is the food all right?
[breathes shakily]
Hey. Mom.
Yeah?
There's something I need to tell you.
Tell me. Go ahead.
I'm not taking the CSAT.
And I'm not going to med school.
[poignant music plays]
You're what?
I'll keep studying though.
I'll take the CSAT next year.
I promise you that.
I just can't do it this year.
I don't want to keep living like this.
Just doing what I'm told. without a goal.
I've got
no idea what you're talking about
right now.
Look. Mom…
[sniffles]
…even if I don't go to med school.
or take the CSAT…
I'm still your son.
Oh. please--
No matter what I decide.
I hope you'll support me.
No. Hyeon-min.
You're going to med school.
You just have to!
[Hyeon-min sniffles]
I have to go to treatment now.
[breathes shakily]
Hey. Wait. Hyeon-min!
No!
You really need to stop
sacrificing yourself for me
and start living your own life.
[mom breathes deeply]
[breathes deeply]
[cries]
[sobs]
[music fades]
Recent medical tests conducted
in elementary. middle. and high schools.
have revealed that a large number
of students have tested positive
for ADHD drugs
that are not approved for use in Korea.
In several cases. we found a substance
referred to by parents and students
as a "study aid."
This drug.
commonly called "Heart Pill."
contains ingredients
with narcotic properties.
From this day forward.
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
will conduct screenings
prior to the CSATs.
Anyone testing positive
will be disqualified.
Are there that many types of drugs?
[man] They look different.
but the ingredients are the same.
These are Full Moon pills.
They were hot ten years ago.
Then. the Snowman ones
were in five years ago.
Here. see this? These markings
were engraved by the dealers.
They're branded. like any other product.
Yeah.
-Two years ago. these were popular.
-Wait…
Could I take a closer look at those?
[tense music plays]
[man] We're totally fucked. man!
What are we gonna do now?
They shut everything down.
Those stupid fucks at the ERPB.
What do you think?
We just need the ERPB gone. that's all.
WHAT SHOULD I DO… ABOUT GYU-CHEOL?
WILL I EVER BE ABLE TO…
FORGIVE GYU-CHEOL?
CRACKDOWN ON GEN Z-TARGETED
DESIGNER DRUGS
[Gi-tae] Gyu-cheol.
if your parole hearing goes well
and you're able to be released
back into society. what would you do?
Have you thought about it at all?
[Gyu-cheol] I don't know.
I thought I didn't have a chance.
[music fades]
But if I do get out of this place…
I think I'd like to go back to school.
[tense music plays]
WILL I EVER BE ABLE TO…
FORGIVE GYU-CHEOL?
[man 1] Based on witness statements
that claim Cho Gyu-cheol
was consistently hostile
toward Ms. Choi Ga-yun.
we are charging the defendant
with premeditated murder
and seeking a sentence
of 15 years in prison.
[man 2] Clearly. Mr. Cho Gyu-cheol was
changing under Ms. Choi Ga-yun's guidance.
This was nothing more
than an unfortunate accident.
["Can You See in the Dark?" plays]
Get on.
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm